Write a program that reads a given text file, outputs the text file as is, and 
also prints the number of lines andthe number of times each letter 
appears in the text file. (To simplify things, treat uppercase letters and 
lowercase letters as being the same.) 
  Create an array of 26 components to do the letter count for the 26 
letters in the alphabet and a variable for the line count. (You may 
wish to call these variables letterCount and lineCount respectively.) 
  Hint: Use the plan of declaring variables, opening input and output 
files, initializing the variables, reading and writing the character for 
each character in a line, incrementing the letter count, incrementing 
the line count, outputting line and letter counts and, finally, closing 
the input and output files. (You may wish to call the program 
outputting line and letter counts writeTotal.) 
  Create an ASCII (or text) file that contains text that will be used as 
input to your program. Call this file textinput. 
  Have the output stored in a file called textouput.
  Create ifstream and ofstream objects called "infile" and "outfile" 
respectively. 
  Include 4 functions for initializing, copying text, counting, and 
writing the results to a file, respectively. 
  Initialize the initial array with 0’s. 
  Have the file copying text specifically be able to read a line and 
output that line. (You may wish to call this file copyText.) 
  Whenever a nonblank character is found, it calls the function that 
does the counting, characterCount, to update the letter count. (Do 
not count blank, tab, or end-of-line characters as part of the letter 
count.) 
Have the characterCount function convert the letter to uppercase, 
find the index of the array corresponding to this letter and, if the 
index is valid, increment appropriate count. 
  Have the main program do the following: 
  Declare variables. 
  Open the input and output files. 
  If the input file does not exist, exit the program. 
  Open the output file. S-22 
  If the output file cannot open, exit the program. 
  Initialize variables counting the lines and letters. 
  Read the first character. 
  Use while (not end of input file). 
  Process the next line using the function that reads a line and 
outputs the line copyText. 
  Increment the line count. (Increment the variable lineCount.) 
  Read the next character. 
  Output the line count and letter counts. 
  Use writeTotal.
  Close files. ÿ